README.md, before:

Feedhenry Studio
----------------  
Implementation in Node using Express.JS, templating and FHC.

## Installation: 

All that's required to run this project is NodeJS and npm.  
packages.json looks after all dependencies.

### 1. install node.js, npm and redis 

install node.js & npm (via installer for Windows & Mac, from source for linux) (see [node.js website](http://nodejs.org/) )

see packages.json (npm's configuration file) for details on packages used

### 2. install fh-studio

    $ git clone git://github.com/feedhenry/fh-studio.git  
    $ cd fh-studio
    $ npm install -d
    $ # optionally set FeedHenry backend using fhc target (default is http://apps.feedhenry.com)
    $ fhc target http://somewhere.feedhenry.com
    $ node server.js 
    $ open http://0.0.0.0:3000/
    

### Development Instructions

* After making changes to any templates, run 'jake ct' to compile the templates.
* modules which extend commandline, for example fhc, run, jake should be installed globally (use -g option with npm). Example : npm install fhc -g
* consider using [nodemon](https://github.com/remy/nodemon) : you won't have to restart server after changing the code.  


## Important Resources & Reading  
Here's a collection of docs pages on the libraries and packages used in fh-studio  
* [Express.JS Guide - getting started with Express, the tool used to build our API in fh-studio - see routing.](http://expressjs.com/guide.html)  
* [Ace Editor Embed Guide - Intro to the Ace API, the editor used](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace/wiki/Embedding---API)  
* [Twitter Bootstrap - HTML & CSS boilerplate being used here](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/)  
* [History.js - state tracking using HTML5 pushState with hash-bang fallback.](https://github.com/balupton/History.js/)

Commit message:

Deprecation Notice
##JIRA: 
https://issues.jboss.org/browse/RHMAP-20462

README.md, after:

## Deprecation Notice
This repository has been deprecated and is not being maintained. It should not be used. If you have any questions, please get in touch with the collaborators.

Feedhenry Studio
----------------  
Implementation in Node using Express.JS, templating and FHC.

## Installation: 

All that's required to run this project is NodeJS and npm.  
packages.json looks after all dependencies.

### 1. install node.js, npm and redis 

install node.js & npm (via installer for Windows & Mac, from source for linux) (see [node.js website](http://nodejs.org/) )

see packages.json (npm's configuration file) for details on packages used

### 2. install fh-studio

    $ git clone git://github.com/feedhenry/fh-studio.git  
    $ cd fh-studio
    $ npm install -d
    $ # optionally set FeedHenry backend using fhc target (default is http://apps.feedhenry.com)
    $ fhc target http://somewhere.feedhenry.com
    $ node server.js 
    $ open http://0.0.0.0:3000/
    

### Development Instructions

* After making changes to any templates, run 'jake ct' to compile the templates.
* modules which extend commandline, for example fhc, run, jake should be installed globally (use -g option with npm). Example : npm install fhc -g
* consider using [nodemon](https://github.com/remy/nodemon) : you won't have to restart server after changing the code.  


## Important Resources & Reading  
Here's a collection of docs pages on the libraries and packages used in fh-studio  
* [Express.JS Guide - getting started with Express, the tool used to build our API in fh-studio - see routing.](http://expressjs.com/guide.html)  
* [Ace Editor Embed Guide - Intro to the Ace API, the editor used](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace/wiki/Embedding---API)  
* [Twitter Bootstrap - HTML & CSS boilerplate being used here](http://twitter.github.com/bootstrap/)  
* [History.js - state tracking using HTML5 pushState with hash-bang fallback.](https://github.com/balupton/History.js/)
